Cofounder newsletter PR (#11419)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/newsletter/how-to-not-breakup-with-your-cofounder.md

---
title: "How to not break up with your cofounder"
date: 2025-05-04
author:
 - james-hawkins
featuredImage: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/james_and_tim_6baec68f79.png
featuredImageType: full
tags:
  - Being a founder
  - People
crosspost:
  - Founders
  - Blog
---

_In this issue of Product for Engineers, James Hawkins shares how he and [PostHog](https://posthog.com/) cofounder Tim Glaser keep their relationship healthy._

* * *

## 1. You need to be equal partners

Tim (my cofounder and co-CEO) and I started with quite asymmetric experience.

I had previously been a VP of sales, responsible for sales, support, and account management. Tim was an insanely talented, 23-year-old engineer, and was much earlier in his career – I’m nearly 10 years older.

I diligently pushed myself hard at school, got straight As, and went to one of the top universities in my country. Tim quit school at 16 because he realized he was earning more than his teacher, and has worked ever since.

![tim and james](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Mykonos_2024_Photo_3343de9e4b.png)

> <Caption>Me (left) and Tim (right) at our [Mykonos company offsite](https://posthog.com/blog/mykonos-hackathon?utm_source=posthog-newsletter&utm_medium=post&utm_campaign=cofounders) in 2024</Caption>

Reviewer: This breaks in the caption component sadly.
```suggestion
<Caption>Me (left) and Tim (right) at our <a href="https://posthog.com/blog/mykonos-hackathon">Mykonos company offsite</a> in 2024</Caption>
```

  2. Are sabbaticals compatible with the kind of company we want to build, and our long-term ambitions?

We eventually decided against offering sabbaticals, even if it meant we might lose someone we really liked, because it was incompatible with the ambition and commitment we need to succeed.

By solving for the abstract, we took personal feelings out of the equation and thought more deeply about the long-term impact, and the culture, we want.

Misalignment is another important flag here. If you feel like you’re pulling in different directions, it’ll get amplified through each layer of your company

For example, we’ve struggled to get on the same page around how design works at PostHog. We both want good design, but have had very different perspectives on how to tackle it, and thus the kind of people we should hire. The way this gets painful is we spend a month recruiting, then the “less involved” of us rejects candidates at the final stage that everyone else is very keen to move forward with.

> Again, we solved this by zooming out and [codifying](/handbook/design/process)[our thinking](/handbook/engineering/product-design) in our company handbook, which then gave us a reference for making better decisions in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Again, we solved this by zooming out and [codifying](/handbook/design/process) [our thinking](/handbook/engineering/product-design) in our company handbook, which then gave us a reference for making better decisions in the future.
```
